README.md, before:

![Profile Picture](ProfilePicture.png)
# Planetary Savagers Bot
A custom Discord bot for the [Planetary Savagers Discord server](https://discord.gg/jEdKtgB), developed by WeirdAlex03#5049.

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/718576019640156190?color=7289da&label=Planetary%20Savagers&logo=discord&logoColor=fff)](https://discord.gg/jEdKtgB)

### Currently in VERY early development. Stay tuned for further updates!

## Current TODOs
- [ ] Embeds: general embed making/editing until specific commands are made
  - [ ] Make embed
  - [ ] Edit embed by msg ID
    - [ ] Figure out how to do specific fields without being overly complicated
  - [ ] Delete embed by msg ID
- [ ] Set up Projects tab?

## Idea List
* Track people's location by message
  * Show current occupants in channel description
  * List all places w/ people in updating embed
  * Commands to manually set, lookup location
  * "Travelling to" if msg mentions "to" and channel name?
  * Ignore (out of rp) messages and those not in RP category
* Welcome/leave messages
* Reaction role for divisions, automatically close if position is full?
  * Separate embed to describe each division, mention current members (active/total) and say if closed
* Quotes
  * Command to send quotes to #quotes channel
  * Show person who sent it, person who quoted it, channel, optional context, link to jump to message
* Track activity
  * If no activity in any channel, assign "Inactive" role
  * Makes things like division info easier to do, total - inactive = active
* Track current ship location/mission and any side missions/stories
  * Use commands to update
  * Report in embed(s)
* Backstories
  * Show in embed
  * Ability to add extra "docs"/sections to embed for other information
  * Set/update with commands
* Respond to prefix or ping

Commit message:

Projects tab done, updated README

README.md, after:

![Profile Picture](ProfilePicture.png)
# Planetary Savagers Bot
A custom Discord bot for the [Planetary Savagers Discord server](https://discord.gg/jEdKtgB), developed by WeirdAlex03#5049.

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/718576019640156190?color=7289da&label=Planetary%20Savagers&logo=discord&logoColor=fff)](https://discord.gg/jEdKtgB)

### Currently in VERY early development. Stay tuned for further updates!

## Current TODOs
- [ ] Embeds: general embed making/editing until specific commands are made
  - [ ] Make embed
  - [ ] Edit embed by msg ID
    - [ ] Figure out how to do specific fields without being overly complicated
  - [ ] Delete embed by msg ID
- [x] [Set up Projects tab](https://github.com/WeirdAlex03/Planetary-Savagers-Bot/projects/1)
  -  Once embeds are done, this list will be removed from the README

## Idea List
* Track people's location by message
  * Show current occupants in channel description
  * List all places w/ people in updating embed
  * Commands to manually set, lookup location
  * "Travelling to" if msg mentions "to" and channel name?
  * Ignore (out of rp) messages and those not in RP category
* Welcome/leave messages
* Reaction role for divisions, automatically close if position is full?
  * Separate embed to describe each division, mention current members (active/total) and say if closed
* Quotes
  * Command to send quotes to #quotes channel
  * Show person who sent it, person who quoted it, channel, optional context, link to jump to message
* Track activity
  * If no activity in any channel, assign "Inactive" role
  * Makes things like division info easier to do, total - inactive = active
* Track current ship location/mission and any side missions/stories
  * Use commands to update
  * Report in embed(s)
* Backstories
  * Show in embed
  * Ability to add extra "docs"/sections to embed for other information
  * Set/update with commands
* Respond to prefix or ping
